Explain fork and git clone with example

	Forking and cloning are two important concepts in Git, especially when collaborating on projects hosted on platforms like GitHub. Here ' s a breakdown of each with an example:

1. Git clone: Creating a Local Copy

	Imagine you and a friend are working on a school project together. Your teacher has a master copy of the project files stored in a cabinet (central repository)

	1.Cloning : Cloning is like making a physical copy of the project files from the cabinet . You use the git clone command followed by the remote repository URL to create a complete copy of the project on your local computer.

	Example:

	Lets say your friends project is hosted on GitHub with the URL
	 https://github.com//yourfriend/project and you want a local copy. You can use:
		
		git clone https://github.com/yourfriend/project

	This creates a local directory named "project" on your machine containing all the project files and version history . You can now work on your own copy independently.


 2. Git Fork: Creating a copy on a Remote Server:

	Now, imagine you want to contribute some changes to your friends project but don't want to accidentally mess with original files.

   	1.Forking :   
Forking is like creating a separate copy of your friend's project cabinet on a different shelf (your GitHub account) while still referencing the original cabinet (friend's repository). You can make changes to your forked copy without affecting the original.

	Example:
	
		1.On GitHub, you can navigate to your friends project and click "fork" button. This creates a copy of the entire repository under your own GitHub account.
		2.Now you have a separate copy to work on.


Benefits of Forking:

	1.Contribute to open source projects:
		Forking allows you to propose changes to open-source projects hosted on GitHub. You can make your changes in your fork, then create a pull request to suggest them to original projects maintainers.
	2.Isolated Development: 
		You can work on your own modifications without affecting the original project.
	3.Collaboration: 
		Multiple people can fork a project and work on their own changes without interfering with each other.